so this is kind of an update review
video to a bunch of the styluses that we
review for the iPad several months ago
so today we're going to be going through
these styluses we have here one of the
newer jock pros with the dampening tip
we've got one of the original job pros
and we've got our fan favorite well our
favorite the logic stylus diamond and
the only reason why we're revisiting
this is because one of the users left
the comments in our review video saying
that there's a dampening tip one that
may make it sound a little less annoying
when you're taking notes so we still
recommend the logic stylus diamond but
we're going to go through all the
different details we're going to do a
couple close-up shots of the stylus tips
and we're going to do a couple of
writing tests on an iPad to see if it's
actually better or worse or kind of the
same anyways so this is the original jot
pearl in the foreground and we're not
going to talk much about it because it
is the original one I already talked
about that but behind it we've got the
new jot Pro and really the only
noticeable difference is that there's
this kind of black or in here and
there's a dampening tip so the stamping
tip actually compresses when the user
pushes the stylus head into the tablets
another difference between the old and
the new is that the old one had a much
larger plastic plate at the tip of the
stylus and the plate itself had a cross
pattern in the old one and the new one
has kind of a bigger circular dot in
terms of the accuracy I didn't find much
difference so this maybe it's too finite
for me to see I'll give you a quick
quick example of the compression for the
dampening tip and it's very subtle it's
really hard to see unless you watch it
very very carefully so that is the new
jot Pro with the dampening tip so we've
got the logic stylus diamond here and
the new jot Pro with the dampening tip
and we're going to do a writing test and
I want you guys to pay attention to the
noise that each pen makes when I'm
writing so the first one we will do the
jock curl so I'll quickly write a this
will be a story about my little dog
now I'm going to write the same sentence
with the logic stylist diamond
and as you can tell writing with the
stylus diamond is much quieter than
writing with the jot Pro the jot Pro has
a tendency to make this tapping noise
which gets kind of annoying when you're
in a quiet meeting when you're trying to
take notes whereas in the stylus diamond
is when you tap it this way still makes
that noise but when you're writing that
little spring tip again kind of conforms
to the surface of the iPad so it doesn't
make as many tapping noises so again
we're going to stick with the logic
stylus diamond we again if you've got an
original jot Pro I would keep it this
one I don't think as much of an upgrade
anyways thanks for watching
Advanced spatial designing information
seen differently